Update user-guide.md per ID review (#397)
OpenLiberty/liberty-tools-eclipse: docs/user-guide.md

  * [Developing with Jakarta EE](#developing-with-jakarta-ee)
  * [Importing Gradle projects](#importing-gradle-projects)
  * [Multi-module](#multi-module)
  * [Common Issues](#common-issues)

## Before you begin

> ### Software requirements (for Liberty Tools v23.0.6)

Author: ```suggestion
### Software requirements for Liberty Tools v23.0.6
```

If projects exist that are already properly configured to run on Liberty and use Liberty dev mode, those projects are automatically added to the dashboard when it opens.

If you add new projects or make changes, and you need to refresh the dashboard, use the refresh icon in the Liberty dashboard toolbar.

![Dashboard Refresh highlighted](images/dashboardToolbarRefresh.png)

## Running your application on Liberty using dev mode

3 options are avaialble to start your Liberty application in dev mode by using the menu actions provided through the Liberty dashboard view or the Eclipse IDE explorer view.

### Using the Liberty dashboard view

The Liberty dashboard provides a context menu to the Liberty projects in it. Users can choose the menu contents to perform a series of operations that can speed up application development.

Maven Projects             | Gradle Projects
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![Dashboard context menu Gradle](images/maven-projectContextMenu.png) | ![Dashboard context menu Maven](images/gradle-projectContextMenu.png)

### Using the Project Explorer view

> The Liberty Tools plugin provides a set of launch shortcut actions to the Liberty projects shown in the explorer view. Users can choose these actions to perform a series of operations that can speed up application development.

Author: I suggest adding a similar section for the explorer view, and then explaining that all options that are available from the dashboard can also be run from explorer view. Then this saves having to repetitively document both flows in every option. For example, see [this section of the Intellij doc](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/liberty-tools-intellij/blob/main/docs/user-guide.md#use-the-go-to-action-intellij-idea-menu).

That doc focuses on the dashboard view and just mentions the alternative in that one section.

Reviewer: OK, I tried a reorg see what you think.

      - `mvn wrapper:wrapper`
      - `gradle wrapper`

2. If a Maven/Gradle wrapper is not found, Liberty Tools uses a **Liberty** preference to find the Maven and Gradle installations. It does not use the preferences of the Maven/Gradle m2e/buildship Eclipse tooling:

   - [Open the Liberty preferences dialog on your Eclipse IDE](#setting-preferences)
   - Set the Maven/Gradle installation to use.
   - click on **Apply and Close** to save your changes.

3. If a Maven/Gradle installation is still not found, Liberty Tools looks at the PATH environment variable for install locations.  See the instructions in [the following section](#Docker) which can also apply to finding Maven or Gradle executables.

### Docker

> If using the dev mode in containers (devc) function, you must add the 'docker' executable to the PATH environment variable for the Eclipse IDE process, for example by doing one of the following options:

Reviewer: DIdn't seem clear enough to be you only had to do one.

![Dashboard Refresh highlighted](images/dashboardToolbarRefresh.png)

> ## Accessing Liberty Tools Operations

Reviewer: Tried to apply your re-org suggestion

After the project is classified as a Liberty project, the project is automatically added to the Liberty dashboard, and you can start using the provided action commands. Similarly, you can start using the Liberty launch shortcuts through the project explorer **Run As** and **Debug As** menu entries.

## Setting preferences
You can set some preferences through the Liberty Tools for Eclipse preference panel.
To set these preferences, open the preference dialog, and click   **Liberty** from the dialog sidebar menu.

![Preferences dialog](images/preferencesDialog.png)

Set your preferences and click **Apply and Close**.  

## Configuring a Liberty server

Liberty configuration assistance provides editing assistance, such as [code completion, diagnostics, and quick-fixes](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/liberty-language-server#features), in Liberty `server.xml`, `server.env`, and `bootstrap.properties` files.

1. Start the project in dev mode using one of the previously described dashboard start commands.  These commands install the Liberty features required for your app and allow the generation of a corresponding `server.xml` XSD schema file.

> 2. Open any of the supported Liberty configuration files using the Eclipse Generic Text Editor.

Reviewer: Maybe I'll bold this instead of using "Eclipse..." to begin the name.

The Gradle Eclipse plugins (Buildship) run a simple Gradle build upon import (**Import -> Gradle -> Existing Gradle Project**) to query project information.

If this build does not complete successfully, the Liberty Tools function might not work correctly.

For example, if your project uses a Gradle wrapper at a Gradle version less than v7.3, it does not support Java 17 per [matrix](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/compatibility.html), but the Java 17+ workspace JRE is required for running Liberty Tools.

One approach to resolve this incompatibility is to configure the preference at:
**Preferences -> Gradle -> Java home** to refer to a Java installation that is compatible with the level of Gradle in your `gradlew` wrapper.

More generally, the Gradle Eclipse preferences and project Java requirements must be compatible.

## Multi-module 
Gradle multi-project builds are not supported at this time.

> Liberty Tools offers limited support for Maven multi-module projects. Rather than attempt to fully model the multi-project build, we make a heuristic "best guess" at the project structure, and allow the user to edit and customize the start command they use.  Liberty Tools also might offer a choice of dashboard entries, one for the top-level, aggregate module and one for a specific server module.  The top-level module dashboard entry might not be usable in the case that Liberty dev mode is not able to guess the right starting module on its own, in which case the server module entry can provide a useful starting point instead. For more information, see the [Liberty Maven plugin multi-module documentation ](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/ci.maven/blob/main/docs/dev.md#multiple-modules).

Author: ```suggestion
Liberty Tools offers a level of support for Maven multi-module projects. Rather than attempt to fully model the multi-project build, we make a heuristic "best guess" at the project structure, and allow the user to edit and customize the start command they use.  Liberty Tools also might offer a choice of dashboard entries, one for the top-level, aggregate module and one for a specific server module.  The top-level module dashboard entry might not be usable in the case that Liberty dev mode is not able to guess the right starting module on its own, in which case the server module entry can provide a useful starting point instead. For more information, see the [Liberty Maven plugin multi-module documentation ](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/ci.maven/blob/main/docs/dev.md#multiple-modules).
```

> Liberty Tools does offer a level of support for Maven, multi-module projects.  Rather than attempt to fully model the multi-project build, we make a heuristic "best guess" at the project structure, and allow the user to edit and customize the start command used.  Liberty Tools also might offer a choice of dashboard entries, one for the top-level, aggregate module and one for a specific server module.  The top-level module dashboard entry might not be usable in the case that Liberty dev mode is not able to guess the right starting module on its own, in which case the server module entry can provide a useful starting point instead. For more information, see the [Liberty Maven plugin multi-module documentation ](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/ci.maven/blob/main/docs/dev.md#multiple-modules).

Author: ```suggestion
Liberty Tools offers a limited support for Maven multi-module projects. Rather than attempt to fully model the multi-project build, we make a heuristic "best guess" at the project structure, and allow the user to edit and customize the start command they use.  Liberty Tools also might offer a choice of dashboard entries, one for the top-level, aggregate module and one for a specific server module.  The top-level module dashboard entry might not be usable in the case that Liberty dev mode is not able to guess the right starting module on its own, in which case the server module entry can provide a useful starting point instead. For more information, see the [Liberty Maven plugin multi-module documentation ](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/ci.maven/blob/main/docs/dev.md#multiple-modules).
```
